That's a lot of power!
Okay, okay, it's real
This shot can definitely return to a sense of city walls
This is popular
Frontline soldiers are like gods
Master Fu, how did you make this thing?
Father, this thing can be built in large quantities
Drawings and production processes are also published in education
belong
No trend at all
Is this still the prince I know?
Hand without power
Boundless entrance
Intensify the construction of a non-stop delivery to the front line
How to use it, I have informed the ninth prince
The ammunition formula required for the explosion
After I changed it
You ask the household department to declare as soon as possible
Thank you lord
Don't scare me!
The prince has made such a great contribution
I am greatly rewarded
His Royal Highness the Third Prince
Take this as an example
It can turn the tide of the northward march
sir
Why are you here?
When are you so panicked?
Did I give up and create problems?